I always hold my mic with my left hand
and then if I have a card on my right
and I go so tell me about this it's very
interesting League of Legends North
America greater than EU Travis cafard
it's the second day of riff rivals I'm
joined right now by Avila with covers
presented by Omni slash talked a little
bit about rift rivals I'm not late she's
late anyway well how was revivals for
you so far
we've only had one day done Travis yes
and I'm curious how that day went and I
assume that you do some amount of
planning before the event starts so I
assume that that like kind of as part of
it yes you interrupted some of my very
important pre interviews with Kane the
coach of Team Liquid telling me all
about how he's gonna smash hopefully
smash fnatic and g2 do you do you
actually because I see often times the
interviewees not in these little like
on-air segments you're just like I just
talked to Kane and he said something
something and by the way we only we
could only trust you
whatever you say stuff like that because
like we don't see the person Kane is
actually just like a super toxic person
he just flames and then I just make
everything sound nice no no more
comfortable if I hold this and I'm going
to talk about Kane you need to just fix
everything there so basically what I do
with those little pre tapes is for
coaches who need my translations so Kane
he could do English pretty well but it's
you know not as strong and sometimes we
just need kind of like quick hits yeah
be sure to get all the shine up here
because he's just really a mess so yeah
so I'll ask him a couple questions and
they'll basically summarize it into what
15 20 seconds of talking meanwhile you
ask maybe like three questions in an
entire interview and somehow try to drag
it on to ten minutes for YouTube
monetization what imagine if I just like
did that if my LCS interviews just
became like hey thanks everyone I just
talked to doublelift a second ago and he
said that he's really he thinks that the
other opponents are trash blah blah blah
blah blah okay my microphone back you
can't and if you did that no one really
listened Travis I'm sorry to break it to
you but people don't want your
interviews for you
how much I was sure you said that you're
missing Anime Expo for wrist rivals I'm
not I'm gonna be going on Sunday and
guess what I'm doing Sunday morning at
11 a.m. JoJo's Bizarre Adventure escape
for yeah actually out I was gonna ask
you about that because Emily upstairs
was like oh I have to leave early
because I'm doing at JoJo's Bizarre
Adventure escape room and I was like I
think it's one of the enemies that
awfully likes I have an extra ticket do
you want to go oh no no I don't I don't
want to beat like first off I don't do
escape rooms secondly I know nothing
about that third like I feel like being
around you whatever you're and that
would just be awful
you really Oh like will you even escape
or will you just like hyperventilate
about the experience I need to get out
to find do because he's my husband so if
I find him if I escape from the room and
go track him down is that the premise
like is there a reason why an escape
room makes sense for that anime so what
this place does with escape rooms is
they have like tables with people in a
large ball room and then they just kind
of give each table puzzles and stuff and
there's stuff around the ballroom it's
well I mean yeah but they did a Legend
of Zelda one like a while ago and it was
it was pretty fun it was really weird
but it was also kind of fun okay I
finished it before all the other people
and I held up my master sword I was like
suck it can we can talk about League of
Legends I would love to do you know
anything about League of Legends yeah I
know that
it's things don't look it for North
America right now what do you mean we're
tied up to - yeah but we had our easier
matches yesterday and other reason we
played splice twice we have one more
match against splice today yeah but we
have other matches against the much
better teams today that's true but you
know what I have faith in our North
American players what is it because this
is your first international event I was
there for like two days of all-stars and
then my voice died yeah but yeah this is
kind of my first international event and
it's like kind of interesting because
like you have kind of that na EU rivalry
so I'm just blinded by the rivalry I'm
not paying attention to like any of the
games I'm just going like a needs to win
for bragging rights what is the
experience like working with all the EU
players because there are different
folks right
you mean interview wise or the caster's
or no interview was interview wise I've
talked to a couple so far they're all
really nice people like they're all just
surprised you're like they're really
nice people there I don't want to say
they're more open or outgoing than some
of the players I've already talked to or
I'm used to talking to but I mean going
in with like zero relationship with them
they're still pretty open to talking so
I thought it was perks was great he was
funny in his interview I talked to a
deed and he'll is saying kind of like
behind stage or backstage so I mean all
these guys are fun and great one of the
things that was interesting to me is
that when I interview the EU players
they just like casually Shin on North
America like it used to be they'd be
like really hype about it and now they
just say like yeah I mean like we're not
learning anything while we're over here
because the North American teams aren't
good so like it's kind of concerning
that we're gonna go back at like it's
not even like they're trying to make
that the point it's just like a fact in
their mind about like the circumstance
what was the question or were you just
making or another random statement
trying to have a conversation with you
have something else interesting what's
it like working with the you talent oh
there are a lot of fun we have to fishy
we have Draco's and we have Vettius over
right now I love picking on Vettius it's
just he's such an easy target Draco's is
really cool she was really cool to fish
you was like - that's what I hear about
to fish it was like I already started do
these interviews and people like I asked
you know what's it like working with
officio and then everybody just says
it's like a bunch of stuff they can't
talk about an interview yeah but did you
see I got on COBE shoulders then we
played chicken with veggie in Draco's
you know I know well why what exactly
why would why would I know about that
because I live with him do you like my
dress
shouldn't you have worn like a in a
dress or something like that I did my
nails na okay what happened to this well
Cass was complimenting me on my boots
and I was like yeah it cast the really
cool boots so I went to touch
my boots and I slip my finger open on my
parts you're really good at this so wait
is that the hand that you hold
microphones with no so because I'm
always on the right side now I always
hold my mic I always hold my mic with my
left hand and then if I have a card on
my right and I go so tell me about this
it's very interesting League of Legends
North America greater than EU Travis
cafard yeah okay anyway let's move on
what else is going on with you anything
interesting you've been streaming lately
I have been streaming I'm like you know
what I should probably start streaming
with someone who told you that a long
time ago you told me a lot of things a
long time ago and you know what not all
of them were great ideas all of them
were great ideas and you're entitled to
it what am i ideas what one of my ideas
is literally you should interview pro
players at the LCS and you're like I
don't know I'm scared I'm nervous maybe
I shouldn't do this if you cried on your
first day so you weren't supposed to
share that oh sorry sorry my bad my bad
you got you were super happy and there
were tears of joy on your first day no
Broden and Luke made me cry on my first
day when I came in because they said oh
yeah Travis is gonna be here oh yeah
Travis isn't coming you're gonna do all
of them by yourself yeah and I got so
nervous and I just tried to like sit in
a corner and just be like okay just
breathe just breathe and then Luke comes
by or Broden comes by again they're like
yes you know don't fuck up and I'm like
great times and I look at you you're
still crying no riding around on caster
shoulders and having a yes living the
dream
who is gonna win na na baby you don't
have faith in doublelift I mean I have a
lot of faith in Peter but I actually I
did a long interview with wreckless and
he was saying that he really thinks like
ATC's are useless right now and that
Peter can just get away with it because
he's so much better than everybody else
in the region
I found that hilarious yeah we're gonna
see how far look we can get with keeping
to the traditional style of play because
right now everyone else is going hard on
funnel comps and I just I just spoke
with Coach cane and
he was talking about how like yeah II
use a lot more adaptive to the current
meta right now and that's kind of like
the truth for the majority of your teams
except for splice except for splice but
I mean Fox just keeps trying it out 100
thieves is trying it out this they're
putting Levi in the center of their
funnel now which was like oh my god Levi
you're a god but I think it would be
hilarious if Team Liquid just keeps
playing standard and beats everyone that
would be great I think you'd be great
too I would like to see them put you in
their place with like we all need to
adapt we don't need no innovation and
just keep to normal but I feel like
they're gonna have to play out of their
minds to beat some of the other stuff
that they're coming up with is there
anything you would say to any of the
fans out there hi thank you fans I never
really know what to say in these
portions cuz I'm usually the one who
just says okay I don't know I can't
think of any more questions to ask so
I'm just gonna say anything you'd like
to say to the fans out there yeah
anything you'd like to say to your fans
out there yeah they can subscribe to the
YouTube channel they can support me if
they want Travis gaffer TOCOM slash
support they can help cover the costs of
the travel cost associated with riff
rivals you know MSI was really hard rift
rivals Travis couldn't literally walk
here but he doesn't want to because it's
too much physical activity for him no
she that's sad but yeah thank you for
watching and if you like my stuff I
appreciate it and if you don't like my
stuff well then you probably like Hunter
x Hunter so I don't really care about
your opinion
yeah I started streaming you could go to
my twitch awfully may and that's about
it can you stop texting right now we're
in the middle of a very important
interview I I'm gonna find new friends
oh let's talk about something Travis
made a very passive-aggressive tweet
going oh I'm alone on 4th of July
because I don't have any friends and all
my friends suck I'm like where was the
invitation Travis and he never responded
he never responded it's an invitation
you did not send no you did not give me
an invitation he did not give me an
invitation what's up with that
can you wrap up your everything because
honestly people are just really tired of
it I'm really good at being done I'm
done
Andrew fade thank you so much to Omni
slash for the support of my interviews I
have to say something by the way I
started wearing this cactus shirt about
a week ago and ever since then I've
gotten a lot of messages in my DMS and
not all of them are things that I feel
comfortable reading so if you guys could
just like take a step back you know like
I know it's a cool shirt
but I am NOT a piece of meat and I don't
want to be treated as one so thank you
so much